Keep in mind that 'everything is an object in ruby' is not completely true. Methods, blocks, `if` statements, etc are not objects. 

There are 2 questions of equality. 
1) do they have the same value? like.. `'something' == 'something'`
2)  are they the same object?
```ruby
x = 'something'
y = x.clone

x == y # true

x.equal?(y) # false

```

Therefore, `==` compares values and `equal?` compares whether 2 objects occupy the same place in memory. 

The default implementation of `==` is whether 2 objects are occupy the same physical space in memory. Its up to the classes to determine how to implement the `==` method. Also, when you define `==`, you also automatically get `!=` for free. 

`===` --- is the argument passed into the method invocation a member of the calling object(generally a set). 
If the calling object where a group, would the argument belong in it?

`eql?` -- If 2 objects are the same vlaue and if they are the same class. Mostly used to determine equality amongst hash members. 

**FROM THE TEXT**

##### Most Important

**`==`**

-   for most objects, the `==` operator compares the values of the objects, and is frequently used.
-   the `==` operator is actually a method. Most built-in Ruby classes, like `Array`, `String`, `Integer`, etc. provide their own `==` method to specify how to compare objects of those classes.
-   by default, `BasicObject#==` does not perform an equality check; instead, it returns true if two objects are the same object. This is why other classes often provide their own behavior for `#==`.
-   if you need to compare custom objects, you should define the `==` method.
-   understanding how this method works is the most important part of this assignment.

##### Less Important

**`equal?`**

-   the `equal?` method goes one level deeper than `==` and determines whether two variables not only have the same value, but also whether they point to the same object.
-   do not define `equal?`.
-   the `equal?` method is not used very often.
-   calling `object_id` on an object will return the object's unique numerical value. Comparing two objects' `object_id` has the same effect as comparing them with `equal?`.

**`===`**

-   used implicitly in `case` statements.
-   like `==`, the `===` operator is actually a method.
-   you rarely need to call this method explicitly, and only need to implement it in your custom classes if you anticipate your objects will be used in `case` statements, which is probably pretty rare.

**`eql?`**

-   used implicitly by `Hash`.
-   very rarely used explicitly.

