class hierarchy of exceptions:

Exception  
	NoMemoryError  
	ScriptError  
		LoadError  
		NotImplementedError  
		SyntaxError  
	SecurityError  
	SignalException  
		Interrupt  
	StandardError  
		ArgumentError  
			UncaughtThrowError  
		EncodingError  
		FiberError  
		IOError  
			EOFError  
		IndexError  
			KeyError  
			StopIteration  
		LocalJumpError  
		NameError  
			NoMethodError  
		RangeError  
			FloatDomainError  
		RegexpError  
		RuntimeError  
		SystemCallError  
			Errno::*  
		ThreadError  
		TypeError  
		ZeroDivisionError  
	SystemExit  
	SystemStackError  
	fatal

ctrl-c actually raises an exception via the interrupt class!

handling exceptions code-wise: 
```ruby
begin  
# put code at risk of failing here  
rescue TypeError  
# take action  
end
```

If no error is thrown, the rescue clause is skipped. If no error is specified, all StandardError classes will be handled. It is also possible to use multiple rescue statements. 

Dont rescue `Exception` class because that will rescue all exceptions. 

You can also rescue several exception types with one rescue clause like so

```ruby
begin
  #nonsense
rescue TypeError, SyntaxError
  #more nonsense
end
```

`rescue TypeError => e` 

The above means we rescue the type error and store that object in `e` . We can then operate on that exception object like so:

```ruby
begin  
# code at risk of failing here  
rescue StandardError => e # storing the exception object in e  
puts e.message # output error message  
end
```

The `ensure` keyword is something you can include in your `begin`/`rescue` block to make sure one piece of code is executed every time. Like so, 

```ruby
file = open(file_name, 'w')begin  
  # do something with file  
rescue  
  # handle exception  
rescue  
  # handle a different exception  
ensure  
  file.close  
  # executes every time  
end
```

This allows you to put up all your cleanup code in one place. Make sure your `ensure` code does not raise an exception itself otherwise debugging will be awful. 

The `retry` keyword sends the block back to the `begin` statement. It allows your program to make another attempt at execution. Its a good idea to set a limit on the number of retries. 

```ruby

RETRY_LIMIT = 5

begin  
  attempts = attempts || 0  
  # do something  
rescue  
  attempts += 1  
  retry if attempts < RETRY_LIMIT  
end
```

